[Autogenerated] with our load balancer created.
We need to create an auto scaling group that can attach to it and supply it
with instances to send traffic to in the EC two console.
Look for the auto scaling groups menu option on the left,
it's at the bottom so you'll probably have to scroll down to see it,
click on it and then click on the create auto
scaling group button using this flow.
We can set up both our launch template and then the auto scaling
group that will use that launch template to launch instances First
we'll name the auto scaling group, name it Pizza dash A.
S.
G.
Next is the launch template.
Since we don't already have one click the create a
launch template link in the new tab, let's name the launch template.
Pizza dash L.
T.
Now scroll down to the am I section in the input field,
type Pizza dash image and then select the pizza image
am I that we created for instance,
type select T two micro in the drop-down input.
Although you won't want to do this for production,
apps let's select a key pair here so that we can SSH into our instances.
If we need to troubleshoot select pizza keys in the
drop down in the network section,
leave the VPc section selected and in the drop down box for
security groups select Pizza E C two S.
G.
This is the security group that will be attached to any
instances created with this launch template and since the rules
are already set up on that security group.
We can just use it here.
Now scroll to the bottom and expand the advanced details section.
There's one thing we need to do in here.
It's not enough for our instances to just be created.
We also need to automatically start our node application.
This user data section is where we can run scripts to
execute at instance startup here,
we will paste in a shell script that changes directories to our
application directory and then executes npm Start here's a script
to enter into this user data field.
The hash bang bin bash at the top of the script tells the launch
configuration to execute the user data as a shell script.
Once that's entered click create launch template.
Now switch tabs back to the auto scaling group,
click the refresh button next to the launch template.
Drop down and then select the Pizza dash lt launch template we just created.
Now click next in the network section,
select our Pizza Vpc in the drop-down Then for sub nets,
select both of our sub nets.
The auto scaling group will launch instances in both.
Now balancing them out,
click next we do want a load balancer connected to this auto scaling group.
So choose the attached to an existing load balancer box.
Then in the target group.
Drop down below that, select Pizza T G now click next for the group size.
This is where you can define the maximum and minimum instances your
auto scaling group will scale to the desired number is what you can
set initially for how many instances the group will launch when we
set scaling rules for the group.
This desired number will change based on scaling, let's enter to two and four.
Now we can set our scaling policy for this group.
Target tracking policies make it really easy to configure auto scaling
groups with you can set a target for a metric on your instances and then
the auto scaling group will increase in decrease instances in the group
to meet that number for our metric.
Let's use average network out since that's a fairly
accurate number two reference traffic.
Then in target value let's enter 50,000 bytes.
This number will need to be tweaked in your production apps until you find the
sweet spot that keeps your instances where they should be.
But since this is a demo happen, I've already figured this out for you.
We can use this number here.
Now click next and then next again and next for one last time.
Now we're on the review screen and you can scroll down and
click the create auto scaling group button.
Now we should be back to the auto scaling group list.
If you look in the list entry for the auto scaling group we just
created you'll see some pretty good information.
This section of numbers is where it tells us how many instances are launched in
the auto scaling group and our men max and desired numbers.
We should be at zero instances right now because we just launched
the auto scaling group it will take some time to actually launch
the instances skipping ahead in time.
A few minutes we can see that the instances number has updated to two.
If we click into the auto scaling group and then on the instance
management tab we can see both of these instances.
They are listed as in service with a health status of healthy.
Let's check on the load balancer because it should be
connected to these same instances,
click on target groups and the left menu and then select Pizza T
G from the list in the targets tab you can see that it lists
those same two instances with a status of healthy as well as the
Pizza Hoagie instance.
The Pizza Hoagie instance may not be healthy because the app isn't
running on that instance but that's totally fine.
This healthy status means that we have everything configured
correctly with our auto scaling group feeding the load
balancers target group with instances,
click the load balancers menu option on the left and then
select Pizza loader on the description tab.
You should see the DNS name field.
This is the URL that you can use to access a load balancer in your browser.
The idea is that then you would get a normal you are out like
Pizza Lovers dot com and create a DNS C name,
record 2.2 This load balancer.
DNS name.
We won't get into that in this course but we can copy this
DNS record and try it out in our browser,
copy and paste it into a new tab because the load balancer is
listening on port 80 the default http port,
you don't need to enter anything but the URL hit go and you should
see Pizza Lovers open up and it's the demo app.
It's running on the ec two instances that were created by an auto
scaling group and then routed through a load balancer.
Pretty cool.
Now that our load balancer is sending traffic to our instances,
we can adjust the security group rules to make them more secure,
click on the security groups option in the left menu and then click on the I.
D.
For Pizza Ec two S G in the inbound rules tab.
We have three rules listed here, One for ssh access,
one for public access to port 3000 and one for port 3004.
All I.
P.
V six addresses,
we will still need to ssh into our instance as we modify the
application to take advantage of other services.
So we'll leave that SSH rule but we can change the 3000 rules to
only accept connections from our load balancer,
click the edit inbound rules button.
A W.
S.
Currently doesn't allow you to change existing rules from an I.
P.
Source to a security group source which is what we want to do.
So We'll start by deleting both of the security group rules for Port 3000.
Then click the add rule button,
Enter 3000 for the port and then in the source field type Pizza dash lb.
This is going to bring up the auto,
suggest drop-down with the load balancer security group to allow access from.
So go ahead and select that this configuration means that any resource
that has the load balancer security group attached to.
It will be allowed to connect to our instances on port 3000.
This is a way of conveniently giving access to a
resource without being tied to an I.
P.
So our load balancer which has this Pizza L.
B S.
G.
Security group attached to it will have access to our instances,
click save rules.
Now our instances are secure and ready to take real traffic from users.
In the next clip we're going to see how our auto scaling group works when it's pushed to the limit